what does upper-body the Saints minutes
a day I am gonna be bringing you guys a
guide as to what is the best car in GTA
online there have been two new cars
added at a really good Dee gesture and
the Turismo and then also the adarand
entity will run them through a series of
races and trials and see which one is
the best now in these first couple of
Clips the black and the green car
actually has nitro on it so that's why
if I smoked the Turismo that's why you
know don't think that the Turismo sucks
or anything because it's actually really
good you'll see that in the other test
but I just wanted to say that also when
nitro cars do come back I'll probably
make a video letting you guys know how
to get them and everything because dude
I'm not gonna lie nitro cards were super
fun and I kind of miss him you know but
before we into the video as always if
you do enjoy this video and find it
helpful leave a like and if you want to
see some more giveaways and stuff
because like I said I'm gonna be doing a
giveaway for some more shark cards again
I'll probably nounce that in the patch
notes which will be coming out someday
but if you guys want to see some more
shark card giveaway Xand definitely
leave a like on this video anyway
getting into what we're gonna be talking
about the three main cars because the
gesture is cool and everything but it's
not you know the greatest top speed it's
probably a little bit better handling
than the Turismo but the three cars that
it's going to come between is the
Turismo or the adarand entity now you
see through this series of tests we put
it through we pretty much just put it
through the straightaway you know if you
want me to do some more testing I'll do
it you know with it being turns and
everything but at least on these
straightaways
I think the tour is most probably best
overall car you'll see that it's pretty
much a mix between the adder entity the
entity has better acceleration but less
top speed and the adder has better top
speed but less acceleration so it's kind
of in the middle ground of them and
personally I think it's the best not
only because of that fact but the fact
that it's only $500,000 for one and when
you blow it up it only costs $6,000 to
get it back from whores mutual which is
definitely a lot better than the 12,000
for the adder and then like the 10,000
for the entity doesn't be a pretty quick
commentary I'll let the videos and then
the races and stuff play and you can
hear the engines and everything it
sounds pretty cool I'm not gonna lie
the Turismo does but let me know in the
comment section what is your favorite
car
do you like the entity do you like the
adder or do you like Turismo again
another plus for the tourism O's I think
it probably looks the best out of all of
them but that's just me but again let me
know your thoughts in the comment
section I'm interested to hear what you
guys think anyways hope you guys enjoyed
the video again leave a like if you want
to see giveaways and everything share
the video if you want to just be awesome
and subscribe because we're almost at
300k and that is truly amazing guys
anyway issue boy Saints fan I'm out
you